??? - June, 2148

The Eighty Six don't have soulmates. 

Having a soulmate was a human trait, and the Eighty Six were not human.
Therefore, Eighty Six don't have soulmates. 

Those were the words the Republic repeated again and again. Those words were 
held true by almost every Republic citizen.

But that wasn't true. 

Eighty Six did indeed have soulmates.
And they knew it, even earlier than most people. 

In most of the people, their soulmate's name appeared on their wrist between 
the ages of eighteen and twenty-one. But since the middle of the Legion war, as 
so many Processors died so quickly and their average age fell drastically, it 
started to happen. Young Processors, under the age of eighteen, began to show 
names in their wrists. They appeared usually the first time they entered combat 
with the Legion. 

Nobody knew why, but quickly the Eighty Six linked the two things. Maybe the 
mortal danger of the battlefield sped the process. Maybe destiny didn't want 
them to die without knowing there was someone for them.

It was an empty, cruel consolation. 

What good was to know their soulmate's names if they also knew they would 
certainly die, probably without having the chance to meet them? 
What good was to know their names if they could be already dead, or worse, they 
could be a worthless white pig? 
What good was to know, even if they had the luck to find the one, if they both 
could die the very next battle, leaving nothing but heartbreak behind? 

So, the majority of them ignored the names on their wrists. 

Some of them covered them, not wanting them to influence their lives. Some of 
them didn't even do that. That's how little the thing mattered to them. 
Some of them had relationships, sometimes with a person whose name wasn't on 
their wrists. They didn't care. Their lives were too short to look for the one. 
Some of them, very few, found their other halves on the battlefield of certain 
death... only to have them snatched away from them by the Legion.

Was it worth the pain? 

Naturally, Handlers weren't allowed to share their names with the Processors 
they commanded, or to ask for their names. That was the sort of petty law that 
existed just to spare the Handlers of the mental burden of being responsible 
for the deaths of other people, to hide the fact people died every day in the 
frontlines. 

Because the Eighty Six weren't people. They weren't human, after all. Just pigs 
in human form.

Also, no one would like to have a pig for a soulmate, so they didn't even give 
the chance to happen, the chance to know. 
But as usual, nobody cared about overseeing that kind of thing. After all, 
nobody would be foolish enough to try to establish a relationship with a pig, 
right? 

"My name is Vladilena Milize" 

Raiden choked on his coffee substitute that night. 

He knew that name.

Some of his comrades looked at him, curious, but he pretended to not realize.

He knew that name. 

He had seen it written on the wrist of someone who he knew. Someone who was 
still alive, and hearing this very conversation in front of everyone in the 
base.

Shin didn't cover his wrist consciously, he didn't seem to care about that, but 
the gloves he always wore hid the name of his soulmate from other's eyes pretty 
well. 

... But not well enough to hide it from him after all these years.

Raiden glared at him as inconspicuously as he could, but Shin didn't even look 
up from his book.

That moron. 


 

After that incident, some people in the base thought the Major was his 
soulmate. Raiden usually wore a wristband, so nobody would know that wasn't the 
case. 

(The truth was that he knew that old lady would yell at him if he didn't cover 
his wrist. “ What kind of bad manners are those, young man?” she would say. 
So he covered it, in memory of her) 

Raiden didn't bother to deny it. Admitting to the rest she wasn't his soulmate 
would pull Shin in evidence. Nothing else would explain Raiden’s reaction to 
the Major's name: he was the only one who knew what was written in Shin's wrist 
after all, or so anyone would assume. 

So, Raiden kept the secret. 

He kept quiet while all around them died, one after another. While they were 
sent to the Special Reconnaissance mission. While Shin fought his brother on 
the battlefield. While she saved Shin's and everyone's lives. While he bid her 
farewell and while they went ahead to face their deaths. 

Gosh, it was hard . 

"Shouldn't you have told the Major?" 

He asked Shin one night, while they were alone, between Shin's guard, the 
first, and Raiden's, who had the second one. The others were sleeping near the 
fire. 

"What?" He asked back, with the same indifferent face as always. 

Raiden sighted. 

"You know what, you asshole"

Silence. Just the sound of the wood in the bonfire, crackling.

"... No" he answered, finally. "It wouldn't have changed anything. She doesn't 
know about it yet. Telling her would only brought her sadness before her time"

Raiden could understand the reasoning behind those words. 

I didn’t want to make her cry

“I see…”

In the end, you’re still ridiculously kind. 

 

Shin - June, 2148

Ah...

It was the night after she had given him her name, the night after she asked 
everyone for their names, when he realized it. He usually didn’t pay 
attention to it, didn’t even bother to remember that kind of thing, but…

Vladilena Milize

It was her.  The name he had written on his right wrist since his brother…
Better don’t think about it.

Soulmates were precious, everyone said that. At least, that’s what every book 
he read on the topic said. 
But…

His lips curved into a sardonic smile. 

It doesn’t really matter. 

They will never meet face to face. 
And by the time she knows about him, he will be already dead.

Better spare her the heartbreak of sending her soulmate off to his death. 

 

Kurena - October, 2148

By the third week of the Special Reconnaissance Mission, fatigue was showing, 
not only in their faces, but in their equipment too. Their Juggernauts were in 
serious need of good maintenance, and they had to patch up their clothes with 
increasing frequency during their breaks. 

Even so, there were some things which were too damaged to be repaired. 

Shin threw his gloves to the fire that night. 

"Is this alright?"
"They were getting in the way when I pilot"
"Hmmm" 

Kurena looked at his hands with the corner of her eyes. She knew that Shin saw 
her doing it, but he didn't try to hide them, so she thought it was fine. 
The flames lighted up his skin, showing clearly the dark words inked in his 
wrist. 

A name that wasn't hers.

That she already knew. 

... But a familiar name nonetheless. 

A cold sensation washed over her. 

"Shin. Are you... Alright?"
"What are you talking about?"
"... It's nothing" 

Maybe he just didn't care about the fact that he left his soulmate behind. 
And that was fine with her. 

 

??? - November, 2148

The news took them totally by surprise. 
They all looked at Anju, and no one knew what to say. 

"Pregnant" Raiden repeated, without even realizing.

No one asked how. Who. 
They all knew.

But the fact that Daiya left something in this world was... Weird. 
A good kind of weird. 

They all thought they wouldn't leave anything behind, but reality proved again 
that wasn't true. 
(They were remembered of a blurry photo, a cat and a silly drawing with five 
final messages)

The situation obviously wasn't ideal, but it was far better than it would have 
been in the Eighty Six Sector. At least she would have medical care. And 
company. And she won't have to fight or die. 

But even now, her voice is shaking while she squeezed the blanket of the 
medical bed.

"We... We knew this could happen, so we never..."

Eighty Six weren't allowed to reproduce. That was the law said on paper, but 
again, no one cared to oversee that. After all, those children would die 
anyway: either at labour or sickness because of the lack of medical care, 
either by being abandoned by their parents or sold into the black market. Even 
if one could survive all of that, what would wait at the end would be the 
battlefield of certain death. 
And that's why nobody would be foolish enough to bring a Colorata child to that 
cruel, unfair world. 

"But when we were assigned to the Spearhead Squadron, we knew the end was 
coming for us, so we didn't care anymore" 

And now, the last trace of Daiya in this world rested inside her.

"And… even with all what happened... I'm glad I had the chance to meet Daiya. 
I could share those days with him, and those memories will always be precious 
to me, no matter how hard everything was. And now I'm alive, and can take care 
of the only thing he left. If we hadn't known... We may never share all those 
things. I may have never had something left of him" 

She looked at her now uncovered wrist fondly. It has been months, but Daiya's 
name was still written in bold black letters. 

Maybe she would never let it go.

(But in the end, her choice was the same as theirs. To keep fighting. 

She may had a child, but she also had her pride as an Eighty Six. She would not 
let others fight for a better world for her and her child while she hides 
behind walls. That would put her in the same position as those disgusting white 
pigs. 

So...

For a better world for her child. 
For a world in which they wouldn't have to know the pain of losing their 
soulmate before their time) 

 

Lena  - August, 2149

August 25th, year 368 of the Republic calendar
Fall of the Grand Mur

She walked out with quick steps, leaving the room and the other thoughtless 
officers, ignorant of the demise that had fallen over all of them. 

Unlike them, she could feel the end of all, the death breathing upon her neck.  

She could also feel a weird, burning sensation in her wrist, but she didn’t 
pay attention to it. She had people to contact and guide, a whole minefield to 
blow up and plans to put in motion. She didn’t have the time nor the mind for 
anything else. 

It was only when she went back to Annette’s office, when she unconsciously 
raised her hand to look at her watch and her eyes landed in those unfamiliar 
two words, that it hit her, leaving her frozen on the spot. 

That name in her wrist.

Shinei Nouzen

Another wall fell at that moment. 

 

Annette - August, 2149

Annette sighed and looked back to the quiet girl in the chair of her office. 
She had finally run out of tears, after crying her heart out in her arms. 

The fault of Lena's heartbreak were two little words written in cursive, now 
permanently printed to the skin in her friend's wrist. 
The name of her soulmate had appeared that night, just as the Grand Mur fell. 

The name of a dead person.
A name that both of them knew pretty well.

Shinei Nouzen 

"I met him. I knew him, and I didn't know"
"I couldn't save him. And now I have lost him forever" 

(Annette couldn't believe it. He knew. He had to know it before... And he 
didn't say anything.
Why?! ) 

And now Lena would have to bear the weight of her fallen soulmate everyday... 
at least for now. 

For all they knew, those words could be gone in a few months.

Just as he was already gone. 

 

 

“Lena, you should use a wristband…”
“I don't need it. I won't close my eyes to the reality, no matter what”

No matter how sad it is. 

 

Shin - August, 2149

"Shin?!"
"Are you... Crying?"

A tear crossed his cheek and fell into the table, in front of him. 
And another. 
His vision was blurred by sudden tears. 
And his chest felt heavy. It was hard to breathe. 

"..." 

He didn't say anything. He left the table and walked (almost ran) away, to hide 
in his room. Not that he would admit it, but... He didn't want to be seen like 
this, less when he didn't even know why he was crying. 

All of this felt strangely... Unconnected to him.
Why was he crying again? 
Why did he feel like he had taken a bullet to the heart? 

 

 

Later that night, his door opened. A single ray of light crossed the room for a 
second, just to die when the silhouette who entered the room closed the door. 

"Shin"

Raiden. Of course. 
He didn't respond. 

"Don't act like you're sleeping, you asshole. I know you're awake"
Damn him. 

He sat on the border of Shin's bed. 

"I think we should talk. About today"

He sighed, giving up the act, but he didn't bother to get up. 

"... What about today?"
"The tears"
"What tears?"
"You know the ones. You don't have to hide them; we all saw them. Kurena was 
worried-"
"What about them? I don't know where they come from. Why should you all worry?"

Raiden sighed. Seriously, this idiot was hard sometimes. 

"Anju had this theory. She said that when you know about your soulmate, you can 
share some feelings through the bond. Like the PARA-raid?" 
"And...?" 
"Maybe something happened there? In the Republic, I say"

Silence again. 

The Gran Mur fell, Shin had realized by listening to the Legion voices. Raiden 
didn't know it yet, but yes, he was right. 
And Shin knew where this was going. 

"She probably knows by now. About you"

Both of them knew what Raiden left unsaid 

Those tears are for you. 
She's mourning you. 

 

 

Even later that night, with just the voices of the dead and Raiden's snores as 
company, he remembered his thoughts about the day he realized. 

"Better spare her the heartbreak"

He was a fool. 
While being alive, there's no way to be free from pain. 

"So, until then... you have to stay alive, Major"

But now the Republic was falling. Falling as he thought. 
And she may die. And he couldn't do anything about it.
There was no way he could possibly arrive on time and search for someone he 
hadn’t even seen before. 

"Could you please... Never forget us?"

But it seemed that, of the both of them, he would be the one left behind to 
remember. Just as always.

That thought...
... Hurt. 

He's used to the losses. He lost his rights, his home, his family, his 
comrades... Too many things to count. 
He tried to not think about it. It would only bring him pain. 
So, he just didn't care, about anything.

But... 

The fact he had met her once, and the fact they will never meet again... 
The fact that he had his soulmate, the person who was supposed to be always at 
his side, at his reach, and he didn't take the chance... 

Now that he could think about it... now he had to live with that choice...

It hurt.

(And it felt like... Regret)

(The weight in his chest worsened. And it didn't feel just like another 
person's problem anymore)

 

Lena - September, 2149

I have to keep fighting. 

That's the only way I can stand beside him. 
Or at least feel like I'm standing beside him.

Even if that's not true.
Even if I can never reach him anymore. 

This is the only way I can follow him. 
And at the end, when I reach that final destination, I hope it will be the same 
as his. 
I hope to see the same scenery as him. 

So, I will fight.
I will use anything and anyone in order to keep fighting. In order to survive 
until the very end. 

He wished for me to survive, to survive and remember him. To bring him flowers 
to his final destination.
So I will try to grant those wishes, until my last day. 

After all, those wishes are the only things I have left of my lost other half. 

 

 

The Alba looked at her with disdain and dismay. She, a foolish, fallen Celena 
who surrounded herself with those filthy Eighty Six, lowering herself to fight 
with them. 

Even the Eighty Six talk about her with a mix of respect and uneasiness

The Bloody Reina was ruthless, merciless. She sucked the Eighty Six under her 
command until she milked the last drop of blood from them.

They said she once had been a sheltered princess, way too kind for the 
battlefield she was in. But they also said all her kindness died with her 
soulmate. Rumor had it he was an Eighty Six. Some were even brave enough to 
whisper about the name in her wrist. 

Shinei Nouzen. The Reaper of the Eastern front. The Undertaker. 

Obviously.
Who else could be joined by destiny to him, if not the Bloodstained Queen? 

She didn't pay any mind to the rumors. It wasn't like she hid his name in her 
wrist anyway. She wielded those black words with pride, another reminder of why 
she was fighting. 

Dark words, black uniform, red hair. 
Her armor, a mourning dress. 

 

Annette - September, 2149 

By nightfall, Annette looked at her covered wrist and sighed.

Another day without her knowing... 

The fact that Annette knew the name in her friend's wrist, but Lena didn't know 
the one in hers, left Annette with a bad taste. Leaving behind Shin- their 
fight when the Spearhead squadron were sent to the Special Reconnaissance 
mission, Lena and her didn't usually keep secrets from each other. And once, 
when they were younger, they promised to share that one secret with each other. 
No matter what. 

In the middle of all the chaos, she wanted to hold at least the last remaining 
traces of a naive, kinder past. 

And it wasn't as if she was trying to hide it... 

It was just… by the time the name had appeared on her wrist, Lena was in full 
Bloody Reina mode, commanding troops and making battle plans, trying 
desperately to save as much as she could. 

She didn't have the time to care for a soulmate, even more if they weren't 
hers. 
(And hers would never come back anyway)

So, she didn't say anything.
After all, it was pretty probable that they would end up dying here, and all 
this talk about soulmates would be pointless. 

Besides, what were the chances that Lena knew her soulmate? They moved in the 
same social circles, after all. 

She was almost falling asleep when the door of their room opened and her 
current roommate (and source of worries) entered. It was pretty early, 
considering she didn't go to sleep until at least an hour after midnight 
nowadays. She didn’t even turn on the light and went straight for her bed. 

“Wait, Lena!”
“Sorry… Did I wake you?”
“It’s not that…”

 

 

“I-... I don't think I have head t-that name before” that was what she said 
when she read the name on her wrist. She made her best effort to sound natural, 
but Annette could read her like an open book. 

Liar. 

If Lena knew that name and she didn’t, there was only one option. 

So... probably her soulmate's body laid on the battlefield, between Juggernaut 
wreckage and battle debris, headless.  

Annette didn't even want to ask. 

 

Shin - November, 2149

"In orden to catch up to them, who survived until the very end- so I can take 
them with me and go further than ever before, I will fight! I'm Lieutenant 
Vladilena Milize, commander of the old Republic defense forces, and I will 
never, ever, turn my back on this war!" 

Ah... She is alive.

He let go of a breath he didn't know he was holding.
He didn't even know for how long he was holding it. 

The relief flooded him whole. His stomach flipped inside him, he could feel a 
strange burn in his eyes, and unconsciously the corners of his mouth curved up, 
trembling. 

She is alive and in front of me... 

It felt... warm. Strangely warm. 
He didn't know he could feel this much… happiness.

This was not the view she should find at the end of her journey, a battlefield 
where he knelt beaten and defeated. 
Yes. That was true.

For now. 

But Shin would never allow the chance to meet her in person to escape him again.

 

 

"Ara? Why am I crying?" said Lena, back in the cockpit of Cyclops's Juggernaut. 

Captain Iida just shook her head, but she couldn't avoid looking with the 
corner of her eye to her queen's uncovered wrist, where that idiot's name was 
written in black, stupidly elegant cursive letters. 

She will definitely not touch that mess. 
(But maybe she should have a talk with that Reaper. With the fists)

 

Rei - April, 2142 

Vladilena Milize 
That was the name of the Alba girl he saved. 

He knew that name. 
It was the name he printed on his brother's wrist, that day he lost his 
sanity...

He hadn't seen it directly, but the priest had told him her name before he went 
to the front. 

Shourei didn't know what kind of twisted plot of the destiny was this, but he 
was grateful. 

Ah, Shin...
At least I could do one thing good for you. 

"If you ever meet my little brother, please be nice to him. Now he tries to 
hide it, but he's a big softie on the inside"

Those innocent silver eyes looked at him without understanding. 

 

Theo - April 2150

"Where is Shin?" asked Kurena

"He was at the gym when I went before..." 
"Really? I met him on the way to the library a while ago" 
"I saw him going for a walk outside the base like ten minutes ago"  

"Ah? Why is he like that today?"

"Well…” Raiden scratched his neck “Tomorrow we’re meeting her, aren’t 
we?" 
"Anyone would be nervous. He’s meeting his soulmate for the first time 
tomorrow, after all..." Anju commented with a soft voice.

Kurena pouted. 

"Hmmm... even if she is his soulmate, he doesn't owe her anything, right? Shin 
doesn't care about those things..."
"I wonder..."

Theo gave up. The sketch wasn’t coming out like he wanted.
He put down his pencil to glare at Kurena. 

"Kurena. Anju and Raiden are too kind to say it, but you should give up. 
Soulmates or not, Shin is pretty hooked up with her. Didn’t you hear their 
talk?" 
"Theo..." 
"She had to face the truth someday."

He closed his sketchbook. 

"I'm gonna draw outside"

He walked away from the room. 

All this soulmate talk about Shin and the Major was making him sick. 
He just didn't care.

He looked at his wrist. He now wore a wristband at Ernst’s insistence, but 
back in the Eighty Six Sector, he didn’t bother even with that. 

The name in his wrist was a stupidly aristocratic one, so his soulmate was 
probably some fancy, noble, useless girl from one of the single digit 
districts. He didn’t want to associate with a white pig, and he thought he 
would die even before she knew about him, so…

Everything on the matter was pretty useless to him. 

He even joked about her, back in the Eighty Six Sector. 
“My name will soil her future! Poor her!”

He didn’t care about that either.

Although for some reason, Shin always gave him a cold glare when he did it. 
(Shin couldn't understand why Theo mocking his own soulmate bother him so much)

Anyway, she was probably dead by now. 

I lived, she died, it’s the same thing. We weren’t destined to meet. 
This whole soulmate thing is just fantastic bullshit for us. 

 

Lena - April, 2150

"This isn't the first time we've met. Although I suppose it is the first time 
we're meeting face-to-face"
"It's been a while, Handler One. My name is Shinei Nouzen: a captain of the 
Federacy military and former lider of the Spearhead squadron" 

He broke his martial salute and extended his hand to her, palm facing up. 

She inhaled violently. 

In his uncovered wrist, her name was written in bold, black letters, in her own 
handwriting. 

Part of her already knew it, but seeing her name inked in his skin, right in 
front of her...
It made her dizzy. 

She looked at his face again. He was clearly fighting himself in order to not 
avert his eyes from hers, and she thought she could see the tips of his ears 
redder than they normally would be.  

That’s adorable. 

Without noticing, she chuckled, and with the movement, tears of joy fell from 
her eyes. 

She took his extended hand between hers. In doing so, she showed him her own 
wrist. 

He smiled softly, and his eyes shone brightly.

"From this day forth, I, too, will fight by your side" 

And we will never be apart again. 

 

Theo - May, 2150 

“Major Penrose, right?”

For some reason, Lena asked him to greet the new technical adviser, and she 
insisted very eloquently it couldn’t be done by another person but him, to 
the point he had no choice but to accept. 

How bothersome. 

“Lena- That’s it, Colonel Milize sent me to show you around… ” he 
explained without hiding the annoyance in his voice. He didn’t care about the 
impression he could give to a white pig; Lena should have known this would turn 
out like this when she sent him. 
“I… see. Thank you, I guess? 
“Hmm”

Major Penrose looked at him for a moment, dubious, and finally sighed. 

“Look, I know you don’t want to do this, but you can show me the way to my 
room and I can ask Lena everything else later”
“Sure” It’d be better for the two of them. Theo signaled to one corridor 
“That way, climb the stairs at the end. Third floor, second door to the 
right”
“Thanks. What was your name again?”
“Oh, right. Second Lieutenant Theoto Rikka, from the Spearhead squadron”

“What?!” 

Major Penrose gave him an astounded look. 

“What?”
“... You know what? Forget it” Another sigh from her “Thanks for the 
directions”

She turned around to go, but for some reason she didn’t start walking. In 
fact, she looked back at him. 

“By the way, my name is Henrietta. Henrietta Penrose. And you should work on 
your handwriting. See you later!” 
“My handwriting?” Theo looked at his right hand, confused, until his eyes 
met his wrist. 

Oh.
What the hell?!

But she left before he could say anything else. 

 

 

“What are they doing?!” she asked, frustrated. 
“What are you doing, Lena?” 
“Shin!” she raised her hands to her mouth, trying to muffle herself “I 
was- what? She left alone?!”

 

Dustin - May, 2150

Dustin Jaeger doesn't have a soulmate.

No, that's wrong. 
He had a soulmate, once upon a time. 

But by the time he knew about her… she was already dead. 

She was a classmate, back when he was little, before the Legion War, before the 
Special Wartime Peace Preservation Act... Before all the madness unraveled.

He remembers, vague memories about her. 
School days, children’s games, when the world was golden, beautiful and 
peaceful, and not full of war and death.

He doesn't wear a wristband to hide her name. He let the world see those faded, 
grey words. She will always be in his memories and his heart, but the pain has 
subdued with time and the determination to fight. 

Fight, for a world in which no one has to face the same destiny as her. For a 
world in which no one has to know the pain of losing your other half. 

Then he met her. 
Second Lieutenant Anju Emma. She's beautiful and kind and amazing, and Dustin 
is left speechless, dazzled by her.

He didn't think he could feel that kind of feeling again.

She hides her scars... but not the name of her soulmate, in black, just 
starting to lighten a little. 
Just a little. 

Another person like him, missing her other part. 
They could understand that feeling. 
They could share that pain.

And they could try anew. 

Their soulmates would have wanted for them to be happy. 
... Or so he hopes. 

"But you have to gain the approval of her child first" One of her old comrades 
says to him, after hearing his clumsy confession over the para-RAID.

Dustin is left speechless again

"H-h-her child?!!!!"


